freshbooks is the number one cloud
accounting software custom-built for the
way that you want to work for your
unrestricted free 30-day trial go to
FreshBooks comm slash line of CES and
speaking of custom-built for the way you
want to work we're back at Silverstone
checking out the top five crazy things
that we found at their booth that are
actually really useful and we're gonna
start off with the MSO nine and the MSO
nine mini these are MDOT 2 SATA
enclosures but not just that they also
have a USB 3.1 type-a connector on the
edge so to make it yourself you just
remove the four screws on the back
that's on the side with the switch on it
for your USB type a connector open it up
flip it over and then inside the
standard MSO nine you can fit at 22:40
to a twenty two sixty or a 20 to 80
sized MDOT to SATA drive and in the
smaller MSO nine mini you can fit a
twenty to forty two then just close it
back up and you have your own awesome
super fast ten gigabit per second flash
drive that you can then convert later on
to be a system drive or whatever else
you want moving on we've got probably my
favorite thing here and it's the third
time that's been released and it's still
probably my favorite thing here just
because it's so kind of hilariously
awesome and that's their remote starter
kit for your PC this time it has a
speaker mounted to it so when you press
the power button or reset button from
across the room you have to hear that
your computer turned on it doesn't seem
like immediately you might need that
functionality but when you can't see the
computer necessarily it's actually
pretty freaking cool when you plug it
into your motherboard for the power
switch and reset switch headers it also
has break offs I don't know an Escalade
what to call them pass throughs that you
can plug your standard power button and
reset button on your case into so don't
lose any of that functionality either I
think this is actually pretty damn cool
and it plugs in through the PCIe 1x slot
on your motherboard next up we've just
got an expansion card that you can mount
an nvme m2 SSD into which is really cool
because it's so small if you notice
there's no even mounting bracket to go
on the outside of the case it's also
really short if you have a tiny little
builds that you need to make and you do
have an available 16x slot you can drop
this in here get another drive don't
have to worry about clearance on top of
it and don't have to worry about
mounting it on the back pretty cool then
we have there tpo 2 m2
link it for MDOT two SSDs I know a lot
of this stuff as MDOT to based this I'm
mainly calling out just because it's
kind of funny they added an actual
physical heat sink into the box because
people were too sketched out with their
previous version that actually worked
better but don't worry that's all
previous stuff is still included in here
if you've been following the news on
MDOT - cooling stuff these heat sinks
that go on the top of them don't
accomplish a ton but people love them
because they look like they'll
accomplish a ton it still has the
thermal pad which can thermally conduct
from the MDOT 2 drives controller mainly
down into a mainboard or whatever it's
actually mounted on which is actually
far more effective so you've got the
peace of mind over the piece of metal
that goes on top and you've got the
effectiveness of a thermal pad that goes
on the bottom and then just in case your
love for em to just absolutely cannot be
satiated we have another way to mount
them all the way from 20 to 40 to 220 to
110 those really long m2 drives this
will convert them to SATA so you can
have 4 SATA plugs only takes one SATA
power which is actually pretty cool as
well and you can have way more m2 in
your system just in case you've
populated all the m2 on your board and
you've populated all the PCIe lanes you
can possibly plug m2 into you've done
everything else and you still want more
drives you can have four of them mounted
into a three and a half inch drive bay
and speaking of MDOT - and other things
that we just can't get enough of sponsor
spots thank you - fresh books for
sponsoring this video you can use
they're easy tools to create invoices in
less than 30 seconds you can even view
if people have seen your invoices or not
so you can check in with them and make
sure that they're actually going to pay
you which is a pretty important process
of running a business you can focus on
things like doing your job and pushing
forward in your company instead of just
doing paperwork which can be frustrating
and annoying and speaking of less
paperwork you can also accept credit
cards through their online platform
which is helpful as well if you want to
check it out for your free unrestricted
30-day trial code FreshBooks comm slash
line of CES if you liked the video like
it if you dislike the video dislike it
other than that
stay subscribed we'll see all the rest
of our CES 2018 content and everything
beyond that as well see you next time